nixos/install-tools: Add manpages to packages instead of seperating them (#248701)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/contributing-to-this-manual.chapter.md

## Contributing to `nixos-*` tools' manpages {#sec-contributing-nixos-tools}

The manual pages for the tools available in the installation image can be found in Nixpkgs' by running (e.g for `nixos-rebuild`):

```ShellSession
$ git ls | grep nixos-rebuild.8
```

Man pages are written in [`mdoc(7)` format](https://mandoc.bsd.lv/man/mdoc.7.html) and should be portable between mandoc and groff for rendering (though minor differences may occur, mandoc and groff seem to have slightly different spacing rules.)

For previewing edited files, you can just run `man --local-file path/to/file.8` and you will see it rendered.

Being written in `mdoc`, these manpages use semantic markup. This file provides a guideline on where to apply which of the semantic elements of `mdoc`.

### Command lines and arguments {#ssec-contributing-nixos-tools-cli-and-args}

In any manpage, commands, flags and arguments to the *current* executable should be marked according to their semantics. Commands, flags and arguments passed to *other* executables should not be marked like this and should instead be considered as code examples and marked with `Ql`.

- Use `Fl` to mark flag arguments, `Ar` for their arguments.

> - Repeating arguments should be marked by adding ellipses (`...`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Repeating arguments should be marked by adding an ellipsis (spelled with periods, `...`).
```
